Document Seerr Permissions Change (#7667)
nextcloud/all-in-one: community-containers/jellyseerr/readme.md

This container bundles Seerr and auto-configures it for you.

### Notes

> - **Migration from Jellyseerr**: Jellyseer previously ran as the root user. With the change to Seerr, it now runs rootless, meaning that if you previously used Jellyseerr, Seerr will not be able to access the config files generated by the old Jellyseerr container. To migrate, execute the following steps: (1) stop all containers using the AIO Interface, (2) run `sudo docker run --rm -v /var/lib/docker/volumes/nextcloud_aio_jellyseerr:/data alpine chown -R 1000:1000 /data`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Migration from Jellyseerr**: Jellyseer previously ran as the root user. With the migration to Seerr, the container now runs rootless with userid 1000, meaning that if you previously used Jellyseerr, Seerr will not be able to access the config files generated by the old Jellyseerr container. To migrate, execute the following steps: 1. stop all containers using the AIO-interface, 2. run `sudo docker run --rm -v nextcloud_aio_jellyseerr:/data alpine chown -R 1000:1000 /data`
```
